Add bus_name_formatter to documentation (#1050)
NREL-Sienna/PowerSystems.jl: docs/src/modeler_guide/parsing.md

DYR_dir = joinpath(file_dir, "TestGENCLS.dyr")
dyn_system = System(RAW_dir, DYR_dir, runchecks = false)
```
### Common Issues

> Please note that while PSS/e does not enforce unique bus names, `PowerSystems.jl` does. To automatically reparse bus names to comply with this requirement, the `System()` call can be modified with the bus_name_formatter *kwarg as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that while PSS/e does not enforce unique bus names, `PowerSystems.jl` does. To reparse bus names to comply with this requirement the `bus_name_formatter` *kwarg  can be used in `System()` as the example below:
```
